This is a little slideshow app, designed mainly to turn a tablet into a photoframe.

It's entirely HTML and JS, using jQuery Mobile - so it should work on any browser supported by jQuery Mobile.

Currently it connects to hardcoded Picasa accounts and fetches the list of all photos in all albums and then
chooses and displays a photo at random.

The photo list is saved to localStorage, so it doesn't need to fetch it everytime.

Features I'm planning to add quite soon:

* Configure picasa accounts (and save in localStorage), removing my hardcoded accounts.
* Choose which albums to pick photos from.
* Configure the delay between slides (currently hardcoded to 5 secs).

Future features:

* Pause, skip forward/backwards - using touch/swipe gestures
* Show photo info
* Support for alternative sites (eg. Flickr, Facebook, etc)

----

Copyright 2011 Mark Gibson

All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
